Now we are going to add the test for the jazz part.
We have added the test for the spinner visibility and let's add the same test to the just as well.
So opening the user list just to us and the test is it plays spinner.
During API call, during the API call and this is async calling setup.
And before seeing the user one, let's query the visibility of the the spinner and we will get it by,
get by, roll through all these status.
And this is Spinner.
Again, I would like to remind that this is returning the element if it finds it.
Otherwise it throws an exception which which fails to test.
So we don't need to assert this one.
We don't need to have any expect for this line.
So if this is returning a response, then it's basically implicitly doing the assertion for us.
But after we see the user one, that means the API request is completed.
So we can say we are expecting the spinner not to be in the document.
So the the element we have reference is gone now.
So saving this.
And the tests are passing.